# Visceral Realists

Repository for the Visceral Realists web presence.

Visceral Realism is an open source computer music movement. Anyone is free to
call themselves a Visceral Realist so long as they perform publically following
the requirements established in this repository.

## Organizing a Visceral Realists performance

Organizing a Visceral Realists performance is just like organizing a
performance for any other band or musical act. Simply book your gig as normal
and use the name "Visceral Realists". During the performance observe the *Rules
for Visceral Realism.*

### Rules for Visceral Realism

Visceral Realism `MUST` be performed by more than one person. Solo performances
are not considered Visceral Realism.

Visceral Realists `MUST` use only open source software during performances.
Commercial software `MUST NOT` be used.

Visceral Realists `SHOULD` synchronize their computers during performances.

Visceral Realists `MAY` use MIDI controllers. Usage `SHOULD` attempt to be
unconventional, for example traditional "soloing" on a MIDI keyboard `SHOULD`
be discouraged.

Visceral Realists `MUST NOT` use audio hardware devices. Visceral Realists
`MAY` use sound-producing "accessories" during performances provided they are
live-recorded or processed via computer.  For example, a cactus and a bow is
acceptable, a guitar effects pedal or drum machine is not.

Visceral Realists `MUST` show their work, either by using a projector or
printed documentation.

Visceral Realists `SHOULD` submit pull requests to this repository to document
performances and make their code available freely.

Visceral Realism `MUST NOT` be merchandised. Visceral Realists can produce and
sell merch under other names but no one may produce merchandise under the
branding "Visceral Realists".

Visceral Realists as a brand `MUST NOT` be used as a name or handle on social
media platforms. For example @visceralrealists is not permitted to be used by
anyone. Hashtags `MAY` be used instead.

Visceral Realists `MUST` observe the Code of Conduct from this repository
whenever performing or acting publically as a Visceral Realist.

## TODO:

  * Add a Code of Conduct for both contributing to this repository and for
    performing as Visceral Realists

  * Explain in this README how to submit a pull request to add a blog post
    about a performance

  * Explain in this README how to submit a pull request for any other feature

## Credit:

The name "Visceral Realists" describes a poetry movement in the 1998 novel *The
Savage Detectives* by Chilean author Roberto Bola√±o.
